doc: improve capability doc by providing a better explanation over the  deep insight level (#5977)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/overview/operator-capabilities.md

Aim to have as few alerts as possible, by alerting on symptoms that are associated with end-user pain rather than trying to catch every possible way that pain could be caused. Alerts should link to relevant consoles and make it easy to figure out which component is at fault
Native k8s objects emit events (“Events” objects) for situations users or administrators should be alerted about. Your operator should do similar for state changes related to your operand. “Custom”, here, means that it should emit events specific to your operator/operand outside of the events already emitted by their deployment methodology.  This, in conjunction with status descriptors for the CR conditions, give much needed visibility into actions taken by your operator/operand. Operators are codified domain-specific knowledge. Your end user should not need this domain-specific knowledge to gain visibility into what’s happening with their resource.

> Please, ensure that you look on the Kubernetes API conventions the [Events][k8s-api-events] and [status][k8s-api-status] sections to know how to properly deal with them.

Reviewer: @camilamacedo86 Please, ensure that you look **at** the Kubernetes API conventions ...

Author: done

> Please, ensure that you look on the Kubernetes API conventions the [Events][k8s-api-events] and [status][k8s-api-status] sections to know how to properly deal with them.

Author: ```suggestion
Please, ensure that you look at the Kubernetes API conventions in the [Events][k8s-api-events] and [status][k8s-api-status] sections to know how to properly deal with them.
```

* Errors (the number of those requests that are failing)
* Duration (the amount of time those requests take)

Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions

> leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above metrics exported by default. 

Reviewer: @camilamacedo86 Did you mean to refer here to the metrics documentation?

Reviewer: I think that the link yo the default metrics should be here, since you mention them below,not above

> Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions
> leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above metrics exported by default. 
> For further information, see the [metrics][metrics] guidance and check the [reference][metric-reference] metric 
> document to know what is exported by default. Also, you might want to give a look at the 
> [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which can help you out. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions
leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above [metrics][metrics] exported by default. For further information, it's [reference][metric-reference] documentation to know what is exported by default. Also, you might want to give a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which can help you out. 
```

* Errors (the number of those requests that are failing)
* Duration (the amount of time those requests take)

Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions

> leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above [metrics][metrics] exported by default. For further information, it's [reference][metric-reference] documentation to know what is exported by default. Also, you might want to give a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which can help you out. 

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
leverage [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above [metrics][metrics] exported by default. For further information on what metrics are exported by default, you can use this [reference][metric-reference]. You may also be interested in taking a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] plugin which helps visualize these metrics via Grafana. 
```

> leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above [metrics][metrics] exported by default. For further information, it's [reference][metric-reference] documentation to know what is exported by default. Also, you might want to give a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which can help you out. 

Reviewer: I believe you need to switch here.

Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions leverage on [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the following  [reference][metric-reference] exported by default. For further information, see the [metrics][metrics]  documentation to understand how to enable monitoring and add custom metrics . 
Also, you may want to give a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which explains about setting up Grafana and provides a controller-runtime dashboard that you can import to it.

> 

Author: @sradco  wdyt now?

Author: @sradco I applied the suggestion. I just change a little the latest statement see wdyt?

> Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solutions
> leverage [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the above [metrics][metrics] exported by default. For further information on what metrics are exported by default, you can use this [reference][metric-reference]. You may also be interested in taking a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] plugin which helps visualize these metrics via Grafana. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note that by building projects using Operator-SDK or [Kubebuilder][kubebuilder] CLI tools your solution leverages [controller-runtime][controller-runtime] which provides the following [reference][metric-reference] exported by default. For further information, see the [metrics][metrics] documentation to understand how to enable monitoring and add custom metrics . Also, you may want to give a look at the [(grafana/v1-alpha)][grafana-plugin-docs] which provides some JSON manifests to create Grafana dashboards using the default metrics exported.
```
